Adding organization section (#29796)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/organizations/managing-identity-providers.adoc

[id="managing-organization-identity-providers_{context}"]

[[_managing_identity_provider_]]
=  Managing identity providers
[role="_abstract"]
An organization might have its own identity provider as the single source of truth for their identities. In this case,
you want to configure the organization to authenticate users using the organization's identity provider, federate their
identities, and finally add them as a member of the organization.

An organization can have one or more identity providers associated with it so that they can authenticate their users from
different sources and enforce different constraints on each of them.

> The first step before linking an identity provider to an organization is to create one at the realm level from the `Identity Providers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can link an identity provider to an organization, you create an organization at the realm level from the *Identity Providers* 
```

section in the menu. You can link any of the built-in social and identity providers available in the realm to an organization.

> An identity provider can be linked to an organization from the `Identity providers` tab.

Reviewer: Is this a repetittion of the preceding sentence or something new?

Author: It is not, that one is about the `Identity Providers` tab.

.Procedure

. Click *Link identity provider*.
. Select an `Identity provider`
. Click `Save`
+

If identity providers already exist, you see a list of them and options to search, edit, or unlink from the organization.

An identity provider has the following settings:

Identity provider::
The identity provider you want to link to the organization. An identity provider can only be linked to a single organization.

Domain::
The domain from the organization that you want to link with the identity provider.

Show on login page::
If this identity provider should be shown in login pages when the user is authenticating in the scope of the organization.

Redirect when email domain matches::
If members should be automatically redirected to the identity provider when their email domain matches the domain set to the identity provider.

> Once linked to an organization, the identity provider can be managed just like any other in a realm by accessing the `Identity Providers` section in the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once linked to an organization, the identity provider can be managed just like any other in a realm by accessing the *Identity Providers* section in the menu.
```

[id="managing-organization-identity-providers_{context}"]

> =  Managing Identity Providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=  Managing identity providers
```
